7.12 Release and Update notes #466 (#468)
enonic/doc-xp: docs/release.adoc

* Content Duplicate API was extended to support Content Variants, useful for A/B testing
* Added `name` and `parent` to `duplicate` Java API
* Added `duplicate` method to the JS lib-content and lib-node APIs

=== Site mapping for services

Site Mappings now allow to customize the behavior of Image, Attachment and Component <<cms/mappings#_services, Services>>.

=== Project Applications

<<cms/projects#_applications, Project Applications>> feature was first introduced in 7.11 but not announced due to incompleteness.
In 7.12 Projects Applications, support was refactored and extended:

* Application configurations are now stored in the repository itself, similar to the site's application configurations
* Site <<cms/mappings#_mappings, Mappings>> work with Projects as well

=== Other improvements

* Virtual Applications and No-code Schema are no longer experimental features. Read more about <<apps/virtual-applications#_virtual_applications, Virtual Applications>>.
* Support of arm64 (aarch64) is no longer experimental. You may see a message `WARN org.elasticsearch.bootstrap - JNA not found. native methods will be disabled.` It does not affect XP operations and can be safely ignored.

> * Restricted access to draft branch. Can be configured in <<deployment/config#_portal, portal config>> by `draftBranchAllowedFor` setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Restricted access to draft branch. Can be configured via `draftBranchAllowedFor` setting in the <<deployment/config#_portal, portal config>>
```

> * Added `modifyMedia` method to the JS lib-content API

Reviewer: Needs a link to JSDocs

> * Improved Content API audit-log

Reviewer: This is too terse. We need to write that Audit Log's new default behaviour no longer logs update events and that this can be configured via config (with a link to the config). I know you added it to the update notes, but we need to mention this here as well (copy-paste is fine).
